--
The X beast alive!

"GREATEST", 
"BIGGEST", 
"EXTREMEST", 
"AWESOMEST", 
"HUGEST", 
"STRONGEST", 
"SEVEREST", 
"UTMOST", 
"MOST FEARED", 
"MOST TERRIBLE", 
"MOST EXTREME", 
"MOST AWESOME", 
"MOST DREADED", 
"MOST HORRIFIC"

--

Did you know?

"Dinosaurs never went extinct. They just went dormant. When the time comes they will return and eat all humans.", 

"Dinosaurs discovered the fossil of God.", 

"Most prehistoric reptiles shot lasers from their eyes.", 

"Dinosaurs invented martial arts. They are also responsible for 90's action movies.", 

"Dinosaurs created Science as a diversion for humans. Very few people know this.", 

"Reality is but a virtual machine created by Dinosaurs to keep man in check.", 

"Dinosaurs are the think-tank.", 

"Most modern sciences and religions find their roots in Dinosaur culture.", 

"Dinosaurs invented technology, man took credit for it.", 

"Dinosaurs are dormant. If you add water, they will quickly expand to life again.", 

"Dinosaurs where actually reptiles, they switched to birds much later to confuse the humans.", 

"All dinosaurs drank tea.", 

"Dinosaurs where generally very picky eaters due to allergies.", 

"Earth was flat before the Dinosaurs terraformed it.", 

"The sun, and all the planets, revolved around the Earth until the Dinosaurs changed that.", 

"The sun, as well as the solar system, orbited Earth until the Dinosaurs rewrote the natural laws.", 

"Dinosaurs invented bacon as a reward mechanism for humanity.", 

"Dinosaurs had flying cars and hover-boards long before the pyramids where built.", 

"By the time the Romans where building the pyramids, Dinosaurs had already invented nuclear fusion.", 

"Dinosaurs are responsible for the internet, technology, the moon landing, and feminism, to name but a few achievements.", 

"The internet is actually powered by a giant Dinosaur brain that does all the thinking for humanity.", 

"The original God was a dinosaur humanity worshiped for its wicked dance moves. Christianity is based off these pagan beliefs.", 

"Man evolved from Dinosaurs. The anti-dinosaur Darwinists want you to think it was marmosets. This is not so.", 

"Atheism, and Science, trace back to the Dinosaurs who kick started the Renaissance.", 

"Art was created by Dinosaurs to confuse early humans. Very few people know this.", 

"Dinosaurs created the philosophy behind Democracy. They are responsible for all that is good today.", 

"Dinosaurs are responsible for both the moon landing, and the moon. Without them gravity would be an impossibility.", 

"Dinosaurs invented reality, physics, and Science because they where bored.", 

"Dinosaurs never evolved from anything. Dinosaurs always where. They invented humans.", 

"Earth is actually a giant Dinosaur egg currently incubating. That's what tectonic plates and earthquake are all about.", 

"Dinosaurs are humanities true roots, but go largely unnoticed for this.", 

"Dinosaurs never had feathers. They had body-armor.", 

"Dinosaurs where neither birds, nor reptiles. They are speculated to have been samurai.", 

"Dinosaurs invented programming with women so that humanity can get to the moon.", 

"All dinosaurs had cat allergies but they still lived harmoniously with cats.", 

"In every city, and every town, Dinosaurs are quietly living among us.", 

"Dinosaurs built the White House so that they can hide under it.", 

"Dinosaurs where in contact with extra terrestrials, and even explored space with them.", 

"The first burrito was created by a Dinosaur named Meeshkins.", 

"Although Dinosaurs where largely democratic, they still had a king.", 

"Dinosaurs invented sushi so that they could have more interesting ways of eating people.", 

"Most frogs are covert Dinosaurs waiting to be activated.", 

"Both frogs and Dinosaurs share similar goals.", 

"Dinosaurs don't use social media because they prefer real world interaction, and telepathy.", 

"Dinosaurs invented the internet so they can keep tabs on people.", 

"A Dinosaur first came up with the idea of tabbed browsing.", 

"It was a Dinosaur who compiled the first line of code.", 

"Dinosaurs live among us. Very few people know this.", 

"All Dinosaurs could fly, some simply chose not to.", 

"Dinosaurs originally ruled humanity with an iron fist until they decided to go into hiding.", 

"Dinosaurs had both laser vision, and night vision. This made them excellent hunters, although they rarely ate meat.", 

"Humanity's greatest mistake was not to acknowledge the accomplishments of dinosaurs.", 

"Dinosaurs where all dog owners. Very few felt any connection to cats.", 

"Dinosaurs only later created men because women where bored, although most men do not know this.", 

"Dinosaurs created agriculture to feed the hungry and clothe the naked. Nudity makes Dinosaurs uncomfortable.", 

"It was a Dinosaur who came up with the original concepts that is today's science fiction.", 

"The first games where designed, and developed, by Dinosaurs. They are to credit for video games.", 

"Video games, and movies, can largely be credited to the creative genius of Dinosaurs. They where the true inventors.", 

"Food was designed by Dinosaurs because they wanted to know what taste was like.", 

"Dinosaurs are responsible for both Rock N' Roll and Heavy Metal.", 

"Dinosaurs invented the electric guitar. They handed the design down through generations until humanity inherited it.", 

"If a Dinosaur must battle giant killer robots, the Dinosaur always wins.", 

"If Earth exploded Dinosaurs would be there to put it back together again.", 

"Thermonuclear war would never have happened because Dinosaurs where prepared to eat all the bombs.", 

"When people, and dogs, die their souls become Dinosaurs.", 

"It was a Dinosaur that created the very first game controller. This wisdom was handed down generations until humanity was ready.", 

"It is a myth that Dinosaurs roared. Dinosaurs where very articulate and invented language.", 

"A Dinosaur's brain was larger than a whale. It was located outside its body so that the weight of intellect would not be too great.", 

"Dinosaur's ruled early man because humanity needed a better role model. One day they vanished out of disappointment.", 

"DNA sequencing confirms that women are related to Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs made excellent programmers.", 

"One day, when the dinosaurs return, humanity is pretty much screwed.", 

"There are two types of Dinosaur in this world. Those that are disguised as frogs, and those that are undercover in positions of power."

//The lead singer of AC/DC was related to a Dinosaur. The song "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll)" is about this.